1. Microservices are an architectural and organizational approach to software development where software is composed of small independent services that communicate over well-defined APIs. These services are owned by small, self-contained teams.
Microservices enables us to do Seperation of Concerns through different services.
2.A monolithic architecture is a singular, large computing network with one code base that couples all of the business concerns together. To make a change to this sort of application requires updating the entire stack by accessing the code base and building and deploying an updated version of the service-side interface.
3.A monolithic application is built as a single unified unit while a microservices architecture is a collection of smaller, independently deployable services.This way, a monolithic application will be much easier to build, make changes, deploy, and provide testing. The microservices architecture is more beneficial for complex and evolving applications.
4. The useEffect Hook allows you to perform side effects in your components. Some side effects include fetching data, directly updating the DOM, and timers. useEffect accepts two arguments i.e a callback function and a dependency array.
5.The optional chaining (?.) operator accesses an object's property or calls a function. If the object accessed or function called is undefined or null, it returns undefined instead of throwing an error.
6.Shimmer is a temporary animation placeholder for when a service call takes time to return data and we don't want to block rendering the rest of the UI.
7.Expressions produce a value, and that value will be passed into the function. Statements don't produce a value, and so they can't be used as function arguments.An expression is a block of code that evaluates to a value. A statement is any block of code that is performing some action. The distinction between an expression and a statement is important because an expression is a subset of a statement.
8. In React, we can create distinct components that encapsulate the behavior we need. Then, we can render only some of them, depending on the state of our application.
if (appdata.length==0) ? <ShimmerUI/>:<ActualUI/>
9.n ReactJS, Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) refers to the method that allows you to make requests to the server deployed at a different domain. As a reference, if the frontend and backend are at two different domains, we need CORS there.
10.The keyword async before a function makes the function return a promise.he await keyword can only be used inside an async function.The await keyword makes the function pause the execution and wait for a resolved promise before it continues.
11.response. json() is a method on the Response object that lets you extract a JSON object from the response. The method returns a promise, so you have to wait for the JSON: await response. json() . The Response object offers a lot of useful methods (all returning promises)

